Clarify: digits in quotes are strings, not numbers (#11652)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/variables/index.md

let myString = 'Hello';
```

> Even if the value contains numbers in quotes, it is still a string, so be careful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the value enclosed in quotes is just digits, it is still a string — not a number — so be careful:
```
